[exporter/coralogixexporter] Add a list of AppName and SubSystem resource attributes (#14341)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/coralogixexporter/README.md

exporters:
  coralogix:
    # The Coralogix traces ingress endpoint
    traces:
      endpoint: "otel-traces.coralogix.com:443"
    metrics:
      endpoint: "otel-metrics.coralogix.com:443"
    logs:
      endpoint: "otel-logs.coralogix.com:443"
    application_name_attributes:
      - "env" 
    subsystem_name_attributes:
      - "host.name"
```

### Custom Attributes

You can combine and create custom Resource attributes using [transform](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/transformprocessor) processor. For example:
```
    transform:
     logs:
       queries:
       - set(resource.attributes["applicationName"], Concat("-", "development-environment", resource.attributes["k8s.namespace.name"]))
```

Then you can use the custom Resource attribute in Coralogix exporter:
```
exporters:
  coralogix:
    # The Coralogix traces ingress endpoint
    traces:
      endpoint: "otel-traces.coralogix.com:443"
    metrics:
      endpoint: "otel-metrics.coralogix.com:443"
    logs:
      endpoint: "otel-logs.coralogix.com:443"
    application_name_attributes:
      - "applicationName" 
    subsystem_name_attributes:
      - "host.name"
```

> 

Reviewer: We should also add cloud attributes example (e.g. resourcedetection/ec2)

| EUROPE1 | `otel-traces.coralogix.com:443`     | `otel-metrics.coralogix.com:443`     | `otel-logs.coralogix.com:443`     |
| EUROPE2 | `otel-traces.eu2.coralogix.com:443` | `otel-metrics.eu2.coralogix.com:443` | `otel-logs.eu2.coralogix.com:443` |

### Application and SubSystem attributes

> v0.61 release of OpenTelemetry Collector allows you to map Application name and Subsystem name to Resource attributes. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
v0.62.0 release of OpenTelemetry Collector allows you to map Application name and Subsystem name to Resource attributes. 
```
